Lao Zhang's family is proficient in feng shui
Somersaults are fun
Master Yang, what are you looking for me for?
Check someone for me
If you find it
I owe you one
Master Yang is in trouble now
I feel like I can't stand it
You can't make soy sauce.
Otherwise, the Liang family gets fame
Plus cooperation with officials
At that time, whether it is a holy family or a Hou family
Even Master Yang, I'm afraid you can't stand it.
Don't worry, I won't let him understand.
Now that you're all here
Then we have Miss Guan
Yao Ming's auction is good
It's really yours.
Well, it's mine.
Now that everyone is here
So let's get started.
Please ask today's first question
This is an 80 million dollar piece of raw jade.
Since everyone here is a player
Presumably for the antique jadeite
Must have been involved
And you can go ahead and watch.
Then use your past experience
Determine the jade in this rough stone
What kind is it?
Master Yang
Why don't you go up and have a look?